modules/asm/README.md, before:

# Terraform Kubernetes Engine ASM Submodule

This module installs [Anthos Service Mesh](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs) (ASM) in a Kubernetes cluster.

Specifically, this module automates the following steps for [installing ASM](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/install):

1. Installing the ASM Istio Operator on your cluster.
2. Optionally registering your cluster with GKE Hub.

## Usage

There is a [full example](../../examples/simple_regional_with_asm) provided. Simple usage is as follows:

```tf
module "asm" {
  source           = "terraform-google-modules/kubernetes-engine/google//modules/asm"

  project_id       = "my-project-id"
  cluster_name     = "my-cluster-name"
  location         = module.gke.location
  cluster_endpoint = module.gke.endpoint
}
```

To deploy this config:
1. Run `terraform apply`

## Requirements

- Anthos Service Mesh [requires](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/gke-install-existing-cluster#requirements) an active Anthos license.
- GKE cluster must have minimum four nodes.
- Minimum machine type is `e2-standard-4`.
- GKE cluster must be enrolled in a release channel. ASM does not support static version.
- ASM on a private GKE cluster requires adding a firewall rule to open port 15017 if you want to use [automatic sidecar injection](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/proxy-injection).
- Only one ASM per Google Cloud project is supported.


 <!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| cluster\_endpoint | The GKE cluster endpoint. | string | n/a | yes |
| cluster\_name | The unique name to identify the cluster in ASM. | string | n/a | yes |
| enable\_gke\_hub\_registration | Enables GKE Hub Registration when set to true | bool | `"true"` | no |
| gke\_hub\_membership\_name | Memebership name that uniquely represents the cluster being registered on the Hub | string | `"gke-asm-membership"` | no |
| gke\_hub\_sa\_name | Name for the GKE Hub SA stored as a secret `creds-gcp` in the `gke-connect` namespace. | string | `"gke-hub-sa"` | no |
| location | The location (zone or region) this cluster has been created in. | string | n/a | yes |
| project\_id | The project in which the resource belongs. | string | n/a | yes |
| skip\_gcloud\_download | Whether to skip downloading gcloud (assumes gcloud and kubectl already available outside the module) | bool | `"true"` | no |

 <!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

default gcloud module to ADC, expose via var

modules/asm/README.md, after:

# Terraform Kubernetes Engine ASM Submodule

This module installs [Anthos Service Mesh](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs) (ASM) in a Kubernetes cluster.

Specifically, this module automates the following steps for [installing ASM](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/install):

1. Installing the ASM Istio Operator on your cluster.
2. Optionally registering your cluster with GKE Hub.

## Usage

There is a [full example](../../examples/simple_regional_with_asm) provided. Simple usage is as follows:

```tf
module "asm" {
  source           = "terraform-google-modules/kubernetes-engine/google//modules/asm"

  project_id       = "my-project-id"
  cluster_name     = "my-cluster-name"
  location         = module.gke.location
  cluster_endpoint = module.gke.endpoint
}
```

To deploy this config:
1. Run `terraform apply`

## Requirements

- Anthos Service Mesh [requires](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/gke-install-existing-cluster#requirements) an active Anthos license.
- GKE cluster must have minimum four nodes.
- Minimum machine type is `e2-standard-4`.
- GKE cluster must be enrolled in a release channel. ASM does not support static version.
- ASM on a private GKE cluster requires adding a firewall rule to open port 15017 if you want to use [automatic sidecar injection](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/proxy-injection).
- Only one ASM per Google Cloud project is supported.


 <!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| cluster\_endpoint | The GKE cluster endpoint. | string | n/a | yes |
| cluster\_name | The unique name to identify the cluster in ASM. | string | n/a | yes |
| enable\_gke\_hub\_registration | Enables GKE Hub Registration when set to true | bool | `"true"` | no |
| gcloud\_sdk\_version | The gcloud sdk version to use. Minimum required version is 293.0.0 | string | `"294.0.0"` | no |
| gke\_hub\_membership\_name | Memebership name that uniquely represents the cluster being registered on the Hub | string | `"gke-asm-membership"` | no |
| gke\_hub\_sa\_name | Name for the GKE Hub SA stored as a secret `creds-gcp` in the `gke-connect` namespace. | string | `"gke-hub-sa"` | no |
| location | The location (zone or region) this cluster has been created in. | string | n/a | yes |
| project\_id | The project in which the resource belongs. | string | n/a | yes |
| skip\_gcloud\_download | Whether to skip downloading gcloud (assumes gcloud and kubectl already available outside the module) | bool | `"true"` | no |
| use\_tf\_google\_credentials\_env\_var | Optional GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS environment variable to be activated. | bool | `"false"` | no |

 <!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
